breaking change: custom client_ids and {rp, leaf}_certificate_chains_by_ca (#449)
italia/eudi-wallet-it-python: docs/TRUST.md

| config.x509.client_id_scheme                       | The scheme in the client id used in the request                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  | x509_san_dns  |
| config.x509.certificate_authorities                | It's a list of trusted certificate authorities composed of dict where the key should be (in order) the DNS, the URI or the Distinguished Name (RFC4514) of<br />the certificate and the value a x509 certificate in PEM Format.                                                                                                                  |               |

> | config.x509.leaf_certificate_chains_by_ca | It's an object containing the chain's relative to the certificate authorities listed in certificate_authorities parameter and<br /> must be relative to the RP. In particular leaf certificate's DNS, the URI or the CN must match the client id and <br />must be related to metadata_jwks[0].<br />The certificates can be in PEM Format only. |               |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| config.x509.leaf_certificate_chains_by_ca | It's an object containing the X509 chain's relative to the RP under a known CA, listed within the certificate_authorities list. It must be related to metadata_jwks[0]. The certificates are provided in PEM format. |               |
```
